---
title: "DMARC"
date: 2022-02-27T09:14:52Z
draft: true
---
Recently a security researcher contacted us to point out an improvement to our DMARC policy.
Our existing record was:

`v=DMARC1; p=none;`

but it would be better to quarantine or reject.
I ended up with this record:

`v=DMARC1; p=quarantine; rua=mailto:support@marketdojo.com; ruf=mailto:support@marketdojo.com; fo=1; sp=none;`

Unfortunately, this quite quickly showed a couple of areas where our DKIM/SPF records were incorrect, so I rolled it back but kept the reports

`v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto:support@marketdojo.com; ruf=mailto:support@marketdojo.com; fo=1; sp=none;`

## Reports

The reports were immediately pretty interesting. They are aggregate (rua) and forensic (ruf) and mail servers send them to the specified address, which gives some useful insights into mail going out and any problems.

Unfortunately, its not really appropriate to send them to our support team.

There are some free tools where you can upload individual reports - the one I used was [MX Toolbox](https://mxtoolbox.com/DmarcReportAnalyzer.aspx).

# Services
There are also services like [DMARCian](https://dmarcian.com/), but these seem quite expensive to process a few emails containing XML.

# Self hosted

I found an open source solution for hosting on GitHub called [DMARC Reporter](https://github.com/edds/dmarc-reporter). It sounded like a good match, but uses the cloudmailin service which is not free. I thought ti would be a good idea to try and make it work with Mailgun, which we already use and works with Rails Action Mailbox.

# Set up Mailgun

We hadnt used MG for incoming mails befure, so the first step was to configure this. I decided to start with our test domain.

To send mails to Mailgun requires a new DNS MX record, which was pretty easy to add, although sadly I included a trailing dot initially, which caused some issues.

There were a couple of other gotchas. Firstly, you cannot send emails to a domain which you have not set up in Mailgun (even if you add the dmarc record). This makes sense, but wasnt clear to me. To set it up you have to configure the receiving DNS records too. Secondly, the UI doesnt clearly show that messages have been received, you need to call the API to check

 `https://api.mailgun.net/v3/testmd.co.uk/events`
