---
title: "Comparing LLMs for quotidian tasks"
date: 2026-06-20T09:37:44Z
featured_image: "images/2026/dog2.jpg"
description: "Evaluating Large Language Models for quotidian tasks"
tags: ["llm", "work"]
draft: true
---

# Comparing LLMs for quotidian tasks

GitHub Copilot recently moved to usage based pricing, and we see our costs rising significantly, especially for outlying users. This inspired me to compare performance across some different LLMs and harnesses as we decide how to allocate spending in the coming months.

## The task

Not every task requires the highest level of intelligence. For this test, I wanted to choose something that should not require a huge context window or run for multiple hours.

We recently moved to a new background job system (SolidQueue), and have implemented custom metrics which report to our hosting platform (GCP). I wanted to build a dashboard to help observe these metrics. This seemed like a good match for the test.

## Methodology

### Write the brief

I asked Claude Opus 4.6 in 'plan' mode to write a plan which I could share with all three models. As part of the plan, the model should prompt for a dashboard name. I hoped this would allow me to give it an easy to check name (e.g. Background Job Metrics - Claude Opus 4.6).

Claude had access to `gh` and details of the PR where the metrics were added. It created a plan which looked solid covering context, metrics available, plus an implementation plan. It even specified which metrics to include.

I saved the plan in a separate location without the source code.

### Run the models
Before running each model, I ensured the plan document was the only thing in the folder.
The prompt was the same each time: Please read and implement the plan in background-job-gcp-metrics.md

### Claude Sonnet 4.6

- I opened Claude Code CLI
- chose Claude Sonnet 4.6 and entered the prompt
- Claude quickly prompted me for a dashboard name and got to work. After a couple of false-starts it verified the metrics existed in the specified project and generated some JSON.

Finally, I moved the json dashboard definition out of the testing folder.

### GPT-5.5 Fast
- I opened opencode
- I selected  GPT-5.5 fast
- GPT didn't bother checking if the metrics existed, it just created the dashboard json
- It then struggled a bit with gcloud cli before it was able to actually add it to GCP

Finally, I moved the json dashboard definition out of the testing folder.

### MiMo-V2.5
I first obtained an api key and purchased credits from open router. I configured routing to use Digital Ocean only and turned Zero Data Retention in the settings.

- I opened opencode
- I selected MiMo-V2.5
- I provided the prompt...

```
This endpoint's maximum context length is 32000 tokens. However, you requested about 32522 tokens (522 of text input, 32000 in the output). Please reduce the length of either one, or use the context-compression plugin to compress your prompt automatically.
```

### Kimi K2.6

- I opened opencode
- I selected Kimi K2.6
- I provided the prompt...
- I mistyped the dashboard name, which caused some confusion, but was prompted to re-enter:  Background Job Metrics - Kimi K2.6
- The model started work, and after a few mistakes seemed to be making progress
- I was somewhat worried that it issued a command to look at our databases and then spent a long time thinking
- After continuing to work for 2.5m, I got an 'upstream idle timeout' message, and prompted it to continue.
- After another minute, it generated a dashboard, but gcp rejected it with `Invalid JSON payload received.`
- After spending a bit longer checking the dashboard, it was created.


Finally, I moved the json dashboard definition out of the testing folder.

### DeepSeek v4 Pro

- I opened opencode
- I selected  DeepSeek v4 Pro
- I provided the prompt...
- I entered the dashboard name:  Background Job Metrics - DeepSeek v4 Pro
- The model started work, and asked me for the GCP project and db name.
- The model then asked for access to another folder, which I denied
- The model stopped, so I asked it to 'please continue'
- The first attempt to create the dashboard was prevented by a validation error from GCP
- After a little more time, the job succeeded.
- It also gave a bit more guidance
```
The JSON config is saved at solid_queue_dashboard.json. For the DB connections tile, I used [REDACTED] — if that filter                                                    
doesn't match, you'll need to adjust it to the full Cloud SQL instance ID (e.g. [REDACTED]).     
```

Finally, I moved the json dashboard definition out of the testing folder.

## Results

### Claude Sonnet 4.6 - **4/5**
Just did the work, minimal reprompting.
Nice dashboard with 6 charts.
All charts rendered.
The 'Workers Alive' chart was a number, and didn't have any history
The 'failed background jobs' was coloured red, recognising that a big number here is a bad thing.
**Cost: $0** (part of a monthly subscription)

### GPT-5.5 Fast - **3/5**
Just did the work, minimal reprompting.
Very similar to Claude.
The workers alive was a chart, which allowed me to see history
The DB connection chart showed 'no data available', which was incorrect.
**Cost: $0.30** (from GitHub ai_usage graph)

### Kimi K2.6 - **3/5**
One connection timeout which required a 'please continue' prompt.
Needed a noticeable amount more time.
Did create a dashboard, which contained all the data.
Failed + backlog count was shown as a single graph, which didn't work as well as a 'Score Card' as one number was much larger than the other.
Did get the db connections graph correct.
**Cost: $0.34** (from openrouter metrics)

### DeepSeek v4 Pro - **2.5/5**
One connection timeout which required a 'please continue' prompt.
Did create a dashboard, which contained all the data.
Failed + backlog count was shown as a single graph, which didn't work as well as a 'Score Card' as one number was much larger than the other.
Got the db connections graph wrong (although its parting comment showed it was concerned about this).
**Cost: $0.34** (from openrouter metrics)

### Outright Fails
#### MiMo-V2.5 - **0/5**
OpenRouter stats page claims a context length of 1.05M tokens, however I received an error as the planning document was too long.

This endpoint's maximum context length is 32000 tokens. However, you requested about 32522 tokens (522 of text input, 32000 in the output).


### Notes
I didn't compare the time it took to produce results in this experiment, or the number of mistakes along the way.